I'm here today to kill the martial arts hall
Destroy the wild species under the city
I want the world to know
The end result of going against my Jiang family
The surname is fake, you affect my apprenticeship
Are you going against the three of us?
You old things
While I'm not at the Jiang family
You take the money from the Jiang family
He actually went to worship the enemy of my Jiang family as a teacher
How do you make our Jiang family face?
I really didn't see that stinky money
If anyone dares to oppose my master today
Is to be our enemy
That being the case
Then I'll let you all die here today
This is the five eat Meng Hu
He took me for granted.
Murder
Love to kill grandmasters
Humph tiger
These old guys
This is me finding a new toy for this today
It's business
Hahaha Grandmaster is cheap enough to kill
Still killing you on my mother's head can afford a ring
You can leave.
You are no match for him
I don't believe it.
It looks like dead muscle from the gym
I can still give it to him
Yeah.
Wahahahaha
Who is this guy?
It turned out to be so
Master, we are not his opponents
Master, run away
We stall him
Since you called me master
Nature won't make you angry
Another one is full